so now I'm under the car
Altay say go and 4 ponds two chips
so he there they are connected clearly visible
so also i wrote about the gimbal here i
for some reason I do not see where and u unhook and
I know that you can only tell me
he is there you can unhook it that is you here
cordon floor will stay here with it
will have to shoot most likely so
just disconnect
grip on us to 1 nickname from here she
was screwed
so you need to unscrew the two bolts and here
two bolts
who is holding the box
there are not only four chips there are still so
I can not see where it is divided into two
one goes up 2
from here went two chips from there
so there is also a chip
it costs a little more
so here it is the fuel hose
unscrew this bolt that is just
here is this hose
will be removed and he will remain on the engine
the tube itself so what else is here so here
they are on the tube that goes to the tank surplus
that's how i say cant unscrew here
they
bolts here one two three
rests on three bolts apparently yes I have
in general, no one even tried to touch and
For the first time, so here it is now visible sensors
from which I removed the chips here comes here she
or a little general or starter
so you need to unscrew cradling me
hangs here because of this campaign I
starter and skrill
pulling on a benzic si dangles
the wire is so clear everything